hi I'm Raymond I'm playing the principal
hi I'm Marty and I'm playing Jennifer hi
I'm night and I'm playing Dickie hi I'm
Dario and I'm playing Taylor hi I'm
dating hi I'm putting I'm playing today
hey look there's a new girl I should go
talk to her
okay bye bye hello I'm Niki hey I'm
Jayden
we're so hard to find print around here
can we be friends sure the next day
hey when I hang out today sorry I'm
hanging out with Nikki okay then
tomorrow I'm still hanging out with
Nikki Saturday that's doing it open hey
Jamie I gotta go the next day after
class
Hey so we got a pig partners for the
history projects so party - Nicky
sorry but we're always part of this
together it's basically the hair
tradition Wow guess our tradition is
broken oh next day hate you shut up move
what's up what's your problem I said
shut up
two hours later it looks like ugly girl
oh wow that's my little idiot well they
hang you Bible my friend hey I want to
buy the weighs on your business will
shut up two weeks later hey yep okay
I'll be right back
you're so stupid you're so stupid you
idiot you're more and I hate you
what's taking you so Vicki what are you
doing I'm trying to die
why because Taylor's been messing with
me for two weeks straight
Taylor cook come to my office hello stop
talk okay is it true you've been
bullying Niki Wow
is it yes yes I'm pulling her listen up
if I ever hear you bullying someone
again I'll I'll give you detention for a
week and suspend you do you understand
yes yes what for I reported Taylor
really I've gotta go I'm sick of you
bullying me you've been physical and
cyber bullying me for two weeks straight
Oh magic why'd you bully me what what
because you still my best friend he
stopped hanging out with me okay we can
all hang out that'd be nice cool me of
you maybe we all can go to the amusement
park on Saturday oh nice they're for
different types of bullying bullying is
when you intimidate somebody for a long
amount of time for no apparent reason
there's another type of bullying
physical bullying physical bullying is
when you're kicking and punching someone
for no apparent reason cyber bullying is
when you're being rude to somebody
online or through texting verbal
bullying is when you say something about
someone with the intention of hurting
feelings social bullying is when you
intentionally leave someone out
gatherings or parties darkly
the N